README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋, I'm Nia😁😁😁

I'm a rising senior in high school who loves coding, family and friends, and strives for new challenges. I always put my best foot forward and try my hardest at everything thrown my way.🫡

## About Me

<img width="450" height="400" alt="cat with headphones" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a08da198-7bc3-433c-93be-0a2f1dc14289" />

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Github
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Github and Figma
- 💬 Ask me about why I choose to code😼
- 🎧 I recently got into rock music and have been listening to Evanescence and Sleep Token
- 🏃‍♀️ I've been on my schools track team for about 3 seaons and plan on continuing it next year!
- 🧶/🎮I love to crochet in my free time or play video games
- 😄 Pronouns: She/Her
- ⚡ Fun fact: I recently took the AP CSA Exam and got a 4!!🥳🥳

## How I learned to Code + Experiences 👩‍💻
- I took an Intro to Java Honors Class in 10th Grade✅
- I moved on to AP CSA the following year and completed the course successfully✅
- I plan on taking Data Structures in my senior year🎯

Commit message:

Added more things to the readme :)

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋, I'm Nia😁😁😁

I'm a rising senior in high school who loves coding, family and friends, and strives for new challenges. I always put my best foot forward and try my hardest at everything thrown my way.🫡

## About Me 😍

<img width="450" height="400" alt="cat with headphones" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a08da198-7bc3-433c-93be-0a2f1dc14289" />

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Github
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Github, Figma, and Replit
 ### Hobbies & Interests
- 🎧 I recently got into rock music and have been listening to Evanescence and Sleep Token
- 🏃‍♀️ I've been on my schools track team for about 3 seaons and plan on continuing it next year!
- 🧶/🎮I love to crochet in my free time or play video games
- 😄 Pronouns: She/Her
- ⚡ Fun fact: I recently took the AP CSA Exam and got a 4!!🥳🥳

### How I learned to Code + Experiences 👩‍💻
- I took an Intro to Java Honors Class in 10th Grade✅    
- I moved on to AP CSA the following year and completed the course successfully✅
- I plan on taking Data Structures in my senior year🎯
- Currently a part of the TKH KKCF summer program where I'm learning more coding languages and tools/platforms

### Goals and Aspirations 🎯
- Become more accustomed to GitHub🫡
- Get the basics down for HTML, CSS, and Javascript
- Complete a project without having to look at a reference for the base
